Joan Elizabeth Stanley Special Branch
you are being charged with 27 breaches
of the Official Secrets Act
you must come with us now I haven't done
anything wrong
there's a file on you starting in 1938
when you went to Cambridge University
world was same different then you've no
idea I'm looking for a personal
assistant you come highly recommended
first-class certificate specialising in
theoretical physics even members of the
cabinet don't know what we do hmm
I allowed to tell what you do at
Cambridge you were known to consult with
communists it was for John I read every
member who politicized you then they
think that you might be part of some
Cambridge spy ring it's like a nightmare
come believe it's happening
imagine one atom split producing huge
amounts of energy or ending bomb the
Russians they do out the Bombers be
feared
when you're gonna realize you're wasting
your time because we're not are we
mrs. Stanley the first atomic bomb has
been dropped on the Japanese city of a
Russia life usually God you do with me
everything
they should bring masturbate on it I
don't think so but we're all eyes suck I
don't know you and your mother before
all of this was going to be destroyed
what would you say
it's up to you
is anything he ever told me Ashley true
I was fighting for the living
I loved my country
[Music]
we don't have much time use your heart
instead of your head you know idea
[Applause]
[Music]